# Features

## Announcements

Setup a recording for the auto attendant that provides announcement to
callers. (See [IVR Menus](../applications/ivr.html) )

## Authentication

Extendable with plugin support. Web interface authentication by default
authenticates against the FusionPBX Database. LDAP is one and has also
been tested with Microsoft Active Directory an OpenLDAP.

## [Call Barge / Eavesdrop / Intercept](../additional_information/feature_codes.html)

Listen into an active call from another extension.

## [Call Block](../applications/call_block.html)

Block inbound calls by the caller id.

## [Call Broadcast](../applications/call_broadcast.html)

Create a recording and select one or more groups to have the system call
and play the recording.

## [Call Center](../applications/call_center.html)

Creates a robust call center environment with agent tiers.

## [Call Detail Records](../applications/call_detail_record.html)

Various reporting capabilities to see who called, when, call length,
export to a csv file, and call detail statistics.

## [Call Flows (Day/Night Mode)]()

Typically used with day night mode. To direct calls between two
destinations. Can work with BLF on phone to show which direction call
will be directed to.

## [Call Forward](../applications/call_routing.html)

Forward to another extension or to any phone number.

## Call Monitoring

View which extensions are currently in a call. (see [Active
Extensions](../status/active_extensions.html))

## Call Pickup

For a particular extension or any extension that is currently ringing.

## [Queues](../applications/queues.html)

Load calls into queues so they can be answered in the order they came
into the queue.

## [Call Recordings](../applications/call_recordings.html)

Record all or some calls or parts of the call.

## [Call Routing](../applications/call_routing.html)

Send the call different directions or perform actions based on reading
the caller id info or other call information. (see [Dialplan
Manager](../dialplan/dialplan_manager.html))

## Call Announced Transfer

Transfer the active call to another internal or external call. Also
known as a warm transfer.

## [Call Blind Transfer](../additional_information/feature_codes.html)

Transfer a call like the call was going into a call queue or from an
ivr.

## [Call Transfer](../additional_information/feature_codes.html)

Transfer a call.

## [Call Waiting](../additional_information/feature_codes.html)

A beep while on a call and to toggle between two different calls.

## Caller ID

Support for customization and supporting providers.

## [Conference](../applications/conference.html)

Set up voice and video conference calls, is optionally secure with a PIN
number, and can transfer current calls to a conference. Interactive
conference control provides ability to see the list of callers in the
conference and manage the volume, see who is talking, kick, mute,
unmute, deaf, undeaf, profiles and controls. (See
[Conference](../applications/conference.html))

## [Conference Center](../applications/conference_center.html)

Unlimited conference rooms with moderator and paticipants, pin numbers,
call recording, mute all, caller announce and more\...

## Configuration

While the admin configures the system in the web interface. The data is
saved to the database and can optionally be deliverd to FreeSWITCH via
XML files, or on demand from the database.

## [Contacts](../applications/contacts.html)

Manage your contacts. Import contacts from Outlook CSV files. Export
contacts to your cell phone with QR Codes. It is also possible to add
additional features like time cards and invoices that can be related to
the contacts.

## [Command](../advanced/command.html)

Area to execute commands from the gui. Merged with SQL Query tool with a
clip library.

## [Dialplan Manager](../dialplan/dialplan_manager.html)

The dialplan is used to setup call destinations based on conditions and
context. You can use the dialplan to send calls to gateways, auto
attendants, external numbers, to scripts, or any destination.

## [Dial by Name](../features/dial_by_name.html) (\*411)

Search by first name or last name to find extension numbers on the
system.

## [Direct Inward System Access](../dialplan/dialplan_details.html#disa) (DISA)

Gives ability to call into the system, put in a pin code, and then call
back outbound.

## [Device Provisioning](../applications/provision.html)

From Advanced \> Default Settings you can enable provisioning for
devices. Contacts used as Directory for the phones, vendor list and
functions can be enabled or disabled. Support for memory, expansion
(side cars), and programmable keys. Configure SIP endpoints for Yealink,
Polycom, Cisco, Aastra and several other brands.

## [Do Not Disturb (DND)](../applications/call_routing.html)

Direct calls to voicemail by default however there is an option when
using do not disturb to send the call to an alternative destination.

## [Extensions](../accounts/extensions.html)

Create extensions for phones to register to and an option to receive
emails on missed calls.

## [Extension Summary](/en/latest/status/extension_summary.html)

Summary of extension activity per domain such as misssed calls, answered
calls, no answer, inbound duration, outbound duration, number of outboud
calls, number of inbound calls and Average length of Conversation
(ALOC). The summarized information can be downloaded as a CSV file.

## [Editor](../advanced/editors.html)

File editor for PHP, XML, and Provisioning files.

## [Fax Server](../applications/fax_server.html)

A virtual fax machine that can send and receive faxes with advanced
features.

## [Follow Me](../applications/follow_me.html)

Allows calling multiple extensions or external numbers.

## [Gateways](../accounts/gateways.html)

Gateways provide access into other voice networks. These can be voice
providers or other systems that require SIP registration. [Check out the
Youtube video](https://youtu.be/YKOTACDYQ3A).

## Hot Desking

A way to login to another phone device and temporarily or permanently
become another extension. This is sometimes known as \'hoteling\' and
\'extension mobility\'

## [Inbound and Outbound Call Routing](../dialplans.html)

Routes used to receive or send calls in or out of FusionPBX.

## [IVR Menus](../applications/ivr.html) (Auto Attendant)

Create a structured interactive voice prompt for callers to use. Uses
FreeSWITCH IVR and delivered from Database on Demand. Cached to memcache
with IVR Menu Options all editable at once. Also works with Text to
Speech.

## [Music on Hold](../applications/music_on_hold.html)

Allows multiple categories of music on hold that can be set globally or
per domain. Can inject additional audio on intervals such as \'Your call
is very important to us please stand by\'.

## [Multi-Tenant](../advanced/domains.html)

Domain based multi-tenant using subdomains such as red.pbxhosting.tld
green.pbxhosting.tld blue.pbxhosting.tld

## [Operator Panel](../applications/operator_panel.html)

A virtual panel that agents can drag and drop transfer calls. Adjust
call state from available, on break, do not disturb and logged out.

## [Paging](../dialplan/dialplan_details.html#page)

Page another extension with or without password

## [Parking](/en/latest/features/parking.html)

Send a call to an unused \"park\" extension. The caller listens to music
on hold until another extension connects to the call.

## [Phrases](../applications/phrases.html)

Using xml handler and xml from file system you can string together
multiple voice files.

[Provider Setup](../accounts/providers.html)
\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

## [Re-branding and Customize](http://fusionpbx.com/support.php)

FusionPBX has unprecedented customizability which can be used to meet
your needs or the needs of your customers. Customizable themes, menu,
dialplan, and Hundreds of Default Settings to control the theme.

## [Recordings](../applications/recordings.html)

Create and manage personalized recordings.

## [Ring Groups](../applications/ring_group.html)

Make one extension ring several extensions and an option to receive
emails on missed calls.

## [Scalable and Redundant](https://fusionpbx.com/app/www/training_detail.php)

Can be configured for multi-master database replication, file
replication. FusionPBX, Database, and FreeSWITCH can be distributed
across multiple servers for large enterprise scale systems.

## [Time Conditions](../applications/time_conditions.html)

A extension that can be timed to route calls based on domain select,
global option, move to other domains, and holiday presets.

## [User and Group Management](../advanced/group_manager.html)

Edit, change or add users of all permission levels.

##[Voicemail](../applications/voicemail.html)

Has ability to copy voicemails for other voicemail boxes when receiving
a voicemail. Additional features include voicemail to email and
voicemail IVR. Forward add intro, check box for multi-delete.

## [Voicemail to Email](../getting_started/voicemail_to_email.html)

Have voicemails sent to email.

## [Voicemail Transcription](../applications/voicemail.html#voicemail-transcription)

Converts voicemails to text.

## [WebRTC](../applications_optional/webrtc.html)

Make and receive video calls with a web browser.

## Additional Features

This is not a comprehensive set of features. A complete list would be
many times larger. More will be added as time permits.
